README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/loqteklabs/scaleManager">
   <img src="/assets/images/noBgScaleManagerLogo.png" alt="logo" width="200"/>
  </a>
</p>

# Welcome To Scale Manager
This app is for [Headscale](https://github.com/juanfont/headscale) users who want to manage their server via HTTP/HTTPS without 
needing a Web UI or using Headscales gRPC.

This simple but useful app allows you to manage multiple headscale servers, their 
pre-auth keys, users, API keys, devices, device registration and more all with one app.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/scale-manager/id6751473022" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://tools.applemediaservices.com/api/badges/download-on-the-app-store/black/en-us" alt="Download on the App Store" height="180">
  </a>
  <a href="">
      Android Coming Soon
  </a>
</p>

## Features
- Manage multiple servers
- Device registration, deletion, and modification
- API Key creation, and expiration
- Pre Auth Key creation, and expiration
- User creation, rename, and deletion
- View total online, offline devices and ping to server
- Routes enable, and disable


## Get started
Use npm or bun (recommended) to install dependencies

1. Install dependencies (bun reccommended)

   ```bash
   bun install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```



## Contributions
Pull requests are always welcome and appreciated as long as you follow standards! feel free to contribute by sharing ideas or suggestions through the Issues we're always looking for ways to improve the app!

Commit message:

Update README to clarify affiliation with Headscale
Clarified the affiliation status with Headscale and Tailscale.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/loqteklabs/scaleManager">
   <img src="/assets/images/noBgScaleManagerLogo.png" alt="logo" width="200"/>
  </a>
</p>

# Welcome To Scale Manager
(We are not officially affilated with Headscale OR Tailscale)

This app is for [Headscale](https://github.com/juanfont/headscale) users who want to manage their server via HTTP/HTTPS without 
needing a Web UI or using Headscales gRPC.

This simple but useful app allows you to manage multiple headscale servers, their 
pre-auth keys, users, API keys, devices, device registration and more all with one app.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/scale-manager/id6751473022" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://tools.applemediaservices.com/api/badges/download-on-the-app-store/black/en-us" alt="Download on the App Store" height="180">
  </a>
  <a href="">
      Android Coming Soon
  </a>
</p>

## Features
- Manage multiple servers
- Device registration, deletion, and modification
- API Key creation, and expiration
- Pre Auth Key creation, and expiration
- User creation, rename, and deletion
- View total online, offline devices and ping to server
- Routes enable, and disable


## Get started
Use npm or bun (recommended) to install dependencies

1. Install dependencies (bun reccommended)

   ```bash
   bun install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```



## Contributions
Pull requests are always welcome and appreciated as long as you follow standards! feel free to contribute by sharing ideas or suggestions through the Issues we're always looking for ways to improve the app!
